Github account:kamchungl and samlamlkc
i use samlamlkc to write and commit code on my local pc
and use kamchungl to merge code on github

Week 1: 
In week one, we formed a group and decided the project topic as car renting system.
we discussed our position in the team (Sarvesh as project owner and Ridhvik as Scrum Master),
the language and framework that we design to build our frontend and backend. 

Week2:
In week two, we start to work on the proposal. we first finsihed all the user stories.
And each of us take care several of them. And we distributed the work of the proposal.
me, Ady and batu was working on the story boards, Sinha worked on the software architecture,
Ridhvik worked on the Scrum section.
And we collaborate through discord and Microsoft word majorily.

Week3:
In week three, we start to work on the sprint one. we first decided the actual user stories
we gonna implement in sprint one.

week4:
we actually worked on the sprint one. half of the team is focused on the frontend and others worked on the backend.
And i am implemented the navbar, create listing, edit listing, remove listing, activate lisitng, deactivate listing
and the page to show provider's lisitng and perform the above functionality.  

week5-8:
we disturbuted the work for sprint2 and actually work for it. i implemented the address search bar on create listing,
study a bit on open map street and leaflet and implemented the map/address geo related stuff to so that we can have maps
to visualize the listing address. i also i implemented the payment system in both frontend and backend using stripe payment gateway api.
And i implemented the functionality of register provider on stripe(let provider provide bank detail and personal information), and let them
update their information, let customer add their payment method(eg. debit/credit card),
allow customer to manage their payment method(add/remove/set default),
and actually make the system able to charge on a customer provided payment method and pay the provider 85% of the fee.
And i also helped to debug the window time timer and the end booking timer.

week9-10:
we disturbuted rest of the work and actually work for it. i implemented the map on the home page to show all listing as a marker on
the map and make the marker clickable to show the listing info and redirect user to the listing detail page.
And i implement css to the plain html timer pages and end booking page to improve the ui.
Also improved the ui of add payment method page. 
And i also helped to improve the ui/mobile responsiveness of the nav bar/listing detail/allListingPage page.
Also implemented the mutiple images on listing. So that user can select mutiple images on create listing/edit listing
and they can also preview/remove them. And implemented the carousel slides on listing detail page to show multiple
images to user.






