Week 1: 
In the first week, we formed a team of six people and we decided on doing the Car Space Rental Management System. 
We decided on the backend and frontend teams and the language we would use for the respective ends. 
Backend is going to be on Python and Frontend on React JS. 
We decided on The Project Owner as Sarvesh (me) and the Scrum Master (Ridhvik) 


Week 2: 
The second week was more focused on writing the Proposal. 
We distributed the workload of the proposal between ourselves. 
I was doing the introduction and the Scrum section, Sinha was doing the software architecture section, Sam, Ady, and Batu 
were going to do the Storyboards for the user stories and Ridhvik was going to do the Scrum section. 
Almost everyone was involved in formatting the report. 
We decided to use Microsoft Word collaborate to make the report. 

Week 3: 
In the third week, we started thinking about reaching our target for sprint 1. 
We vetted out some user stories for the first sprint; Initially, we were satisfied with the user stories 
relating to user authentication but upon insight from tutors, we found out that it was too small a target 
so we included user stories from the requirement of provider being able to upload their listing and updating their listing. 

Week 4: 
We were starting to code our way to sprint one. Although we have started a bit later compared to other teams,
we were pretty much at par with our target for sprint one towards the end of the week. 
I completed all of the user authentication backend functions in a day and then helped in create listing function 
and wrote API calls on which the frontend will request from and then set up the database on MongoDB. 
Ady collaborated with me in designing the database. 

Week 5: 
In Week 5, we had the demo for sprint 1. The demo went really well and we got full marks. However, the tutor was not 
too happy with the UI design of the web app so we set out to change it and got the review of the tutor after which he liked it in sprint 2. 
After the sprint 1 demo, we had the retrospective meeting and decided what went well, what would we need to improve on, and what can be changed. 
Later in the week, we had a call for deciding tasks for sprint 2. In which I delegated tasks to different team members. Tasks were delegated to people 
based on the difficulty of the task and the competancy of the person handling it on time. 

Week 6: 
In Week 6, I worked on the searching function. In order to implement the search function, I had used Tries so that the search works for incomplete 
queries and the search result is accurate. Afterwards, I implemented the filtering feature, the app filters by price and distance but in order to 
get the n nearest listings, I had to figure out the location of the user first, so I used the geocoder library to get that. A lot of research went into that part 
but I managed to figure it out in the end. Ady helped me a little in this functionality. I returned the favour by helping him draft out the logic for create listings 
and bookings. 

Week 7: 
In Week 7, we met in the tutorial and I figured out that frontend was not done at all for the upcoming sprint. Having finished my tasks for sprint 2, I decided to help 
out my teammates with any bugs/issues they were facing and I implemented threads for keeping the timer system persistent in our system, ironically this was one of the harder
parts as the persistence kept breaking until we used threads. 

Week 8: 
In Week 8, we had the demo for our second sprint. Although it was very hectic to meet our goals, we managed to do it at the end of the day. Sprint 2 demo was also successful
and the tutor liked our product all in all. There were a few minor routing bugs that needed to be tended to but we kept that for sprint 3 as our primary goal was to meet the functionality. 
After the demo, we again had our retrospective meeting in which we reflected on what went well, what needed to change and what could be done better. After this, we had a meeting to discuss
the disputes part for admin for final demo. We spent hours on brainstorming on the design and the implementation of the functionality and after 2 hours of brainstorming and arguing, we came to a conclusion. 
We divded the tasks for final demo and got to work. 

Week 9: 
In Week 9, we fixed some of the design issues and routing bugs that we prevalent and then I implemented the likes and dislikes functionality and helped my teammates with any of the bugs 
that they were facing. I implemented any additional routes that were required by the frontend and gave some feedback on design changes that needed to be done which the frontend team later implemented. 

Week 10: 
In Week 10, after completing the likes and dislikes, I started implementing the recommendations system. We were contemplating whether or not we should implement ML based recommendations or not but I insisted on 
doing ML based recommendations and took sole responsibility of it. I spent hours researching which method I should apply before coming to the conclusion that using a hybrid of Collaborative and Content based methods is 
the best to implement for our use case. Later in the week, we had the final demo which went successfully according to me. The tutor was quite happy with the functionalities and then we started working on the final report 
for the project. All in all, the course was very fun to do and I have made friendships that would last a lifetime along the way!